README.md, before:

# www.cookiewolf.coop

## Website for cookiewolf co-op ltd

- Staging URL: https://staging--cookiewolf.netlify.app
- Production URL: https://cookiewolf.coop

# Development

## Prerequisites

- [node](https://nodejs.org/)
- [nvm for macOS & Linux](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) or [nvm for Windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows)

## Setup & install instructions

- make sure you are using the correct node version with `nvm use`
- install with `npm install`

## Build

- `npm run dev` to start a dev server on [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173)
- `npm run build` generate a production build in `dist/`

## Formatting

We recommend integrating `elm-format@0.8.3` into your code editor, but if you don't...

- Please run `npm run format src` to format `.elm` files in `src` before committing code.

## Testing

We're using [elm-test-rs](https://github.com/mpizenberg/elm-test-rs) to run [elm tests](https://github.com/elm-explorations/test/)

- run tests with `npm test`

## Code & configs

### This site is built with `Elm` and bundled by `Vite`

- [Elm's official homepage](https://elm-lang.org/)
- [Elm Package docs](https://package.elm-lang.org/)
- [Vite's official documentation.](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Vite static asset handling](https://package.elm-lang.org/packages/hmsk/elm-vite-plugin-helper/latest/)

### What it's for

- `elm.json` for elm packages used for site
- `elm-tooling.json` for elm packages used for code
- `package.json` for node scripts and packages
- `package-lock.json` for current versions of node packages
- `.nvmrc` contains project node version
- `vite.config.js` for build config
- `.netlify.toml` for deploy config
- `tests/*` contains test files
- `src/*` contains app source files

### Content & Pages

- UI text and meta text values are stored in `Copy.Text` and can render as html from markdown
- Case Study text is in `Copy.CaseStudy` and must contain values for the required fields
- Page templates for each `Route` are defined in e.g. `Page.Index` and `Page.CaseStudy`

### Styling & layouts

- TBC

## Deployment

Deploys to Netlify

- code is tested and linted automatically before deploy
- when code is merged to `staging` it is deployed on [staging](https://staging--cookiewolf.netlify.app)
- when a pull request is created against `main`, a preview site is deployed
- when a pull request is merged into `main`, the production site is deployed

## Development workflow

### Adding issues

- add effort & value labels (if you know enough about it)
- put the issue in a milestone (if it is part of a current epic)

### Working on issue

- assign it to yourself before starting work
- make a branch that includes the issue type (fix/feat/chore etc & number)
- make sure you understand the acceptance criteria
- ask questions & make plan

### Code review & merge

- check the acceptance criteria have been met
- add comments & questions
- once approved, leave for the author to squash and merge

Commit message:

Add Copy.AboutUs to readme

README.md, after:

# www.cookiewolf.coop

## Website for cookiewolf co-op ltd

- Staging URL: https://staging--cookiewolf.netlify.app
- Production URL: https://cookiewolf.coop

# Development

## Prerequisites

- [node](https://nodejs.org/)
- [nvm for macOS & Linux](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) or [nvm for Windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows)

## Setup & install instructions

- make sure you are using the correct node version with `nvm use`
- install with `npm install`

## Build

- `npm run dev` to start a dev server on [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173)
- `npm run build` generate a production build in `dist/`

## Formatting

We recommend integrating `elm-format@0.8.3` into your code editor, but if you don't...

- Please run `npm run format src` to format `.elm` files in `src` before committing code.

## Testing

We're using [elm-test-rs](https://github.com/mpizenberg/elm-test-rs) to run [elm tests](https://github.com/elm-explorations/test/)

- run tests with `npm test`

## Code & configs

### This site is built with `Elm` and bundled by `Vite`

- [Elm's official homepage](https://elm-lang.org/)
- [Elm Package docs](https://package.elm-lang.org/)
- [Vite's official documentation.](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Vite static asset handling](https://package.elm-lang.org/packages/hmsk/elm-vite-plugin-helper/latest/)

### What it's for

- `elm.json` for elm packages used for site
- `elm-tooling.json` for elm packages used for code
- `package.json` for node scripts and packages
- `package-lock.json` for current versions of node packages
- `.nvmrc` contains project node version
- `vite.config.js` for build config
- `.netlify.toml` for deploy config
- `tests/*` contains test files
- `src/*` contains app source files

### Content & Pages

- UI text and meta text values are stored in `Copy.Text` and can render as html from markdown
- Case Study text is in `Copy.CaseStudy` and must contain values for the required fields
- About Us profile text is in `Copy.AboutUs`
- Page templates for each `Route` are defined in e.g. `Page.Index` and `Page.CaseStudy`

### Styling & layouts

- TBC

## Deployment

Deploys to Netlify

- code is tested and linted automatically before deploy
- when code is merged to `staging` it is deployed on [staging](https://staging--cookiewolf.netlify.app)
- when a pull request is created against `main`, a preview site is deployed
- when a pull request is merged into `main`, the production site is deployed

## Development workflow

### Adding issues

- add effort & value labels (if you know enough about it)
- put the issue in a milestone (if it is part of a current epic)

### Working on issue

- assign it to yourself before starting work
- make a branch that includes the issue type (fix/feat/chore etc & number)
- make sure you understand the acceptance criteria
- ask questions & make plan

### Code review & merge

- check the acceptance criteria have been met
- add comments & questions
- once approved, leave for the author to squash and merge
